README.md, before:

# crrsvc
This application was generated using JHipster 4.14.1, you can find documentation and help at [http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1](http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1).

This is a "microservice" application intended to be part of a microservice architecture, please refer to the [Doing microservices with JHipster][] page of the documentation for more information.

This application is configured for Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry. On launch, it will refuse to start if it is not able to connect to the JHipster-Registry at [http://localhost:8761](http://localhost:8761). For more information, read our documentation on [Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry][].

## Development

To start your application in the dev profile, simply run:

    ./gradlew


For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].

## Database baseline and update

Must have local Postgres user odos_admin created with password 0d0sP455.

run

    ./gradlew baseline liquibaseUpdate


### Doing API-First development using swagger-codegen

[Swagger-Codegen]() is configured for this application. You can generate API code from the `src/main/resources/swagger/api.yml` definition file by running:
```bash
./gradlew swagger
```
Then implements the generated interfaces with `@RestController` classes.

To edit the `api.yml` definition file, you can use a tool such as [Swagger-Editor](). Start a local instance of the swagger-editor using docker by running: `docker-compose -f src/main/docker/swagger-editor.yml up -d`. The editor will then be reachable at [http://localhost:7742](http://localhost:7742).

Refer to [Doing API-First development][] for more details.

## Building for production

To optimize the crrsvc application for production, run:

    ./gradlew -Pprod clean bootRepackage

To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar build/libs/*.war


Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./gradlew test
### Other tests

Performance tests are run by [Gatling][] and written in Scala. They're located in [src/test/gatling](src/test/gatling) and can be run with:

    ./gradlew gatlingRun

For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the [src/main/docker](src/main/docker) folder to launch required third party services.

For example, to start a postgresql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/postgresql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/postgresql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./gradlew bootRepackage -Pprod buildDocker

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`jhipster docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To configure CI for your project, run the ci-cd sub-generator (`jhipster ci-cd`), this will let you generate configuration files for a number of Continuous Integration systems. Consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page for more information.

[JHipster Homepage and latest documentation]: http://www.jhipster.tech
[JHipster 4.14.1 archive]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1
[Doing microservices with JHipster]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/microservices-architecture/
[Using JHipster in development]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/development/
[Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/microservices-architecture/#jhipster-registry
[Using Docker and Docker-Compose]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/docker-compose
[Using JHipster in production]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/production/
[Running tests page]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/running-tests/
[Setting up Continuous Integration]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/setting-up-ci/

[Gatling]: http://gatling.io/
[Swagger-Codegen]: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen
[Swagger-Editor]: http://editor.swagger.io
[Doing API-First development]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/doing-api-first-development/

Commit message:

ODOS_20: Update readme for db init

README.md, after:

# crrsvc
This application was generated using JHipster 4.14.1, you can find documentation and help at [http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1](http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1).

This is a "microservice" application intended to be part of a microservice architecture, please refer to the [Doing microservices with JHipster][] page of the documentation for more information.

This application is configured for Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry. On launch, it will refuse to start if it is not able to connect to the JHipster-Registry at [http://localhost:8761](http://localhost:8761). For more information, read our documentation on [Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry][].

## Development

To start your application in the dev profile, simply run:

    ./gradlew


For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].

## Database baseline and update

Must have local Postgres user `odos_admin` created with password `0d0sP455` along with database `odos_crrs_svc` created.

To baseline and update:

    ./gradlew baseline liquibaseUpdate


### Doing API-First development using swagger-codegen

[Swagger-Codegen]() is configured for this application. You can generate API code from the `src/main/resources/swagger/api.yml` definition file by running:
```bash
./gradlew swagger
```
Then implements the generated interfaces with `@RestController` classes.

To edit the `api.yml` definition file, you can use a tool such as [Swagger-Editor](). Start a local instance of the swagger-editor using docker by running: `docker-compose -f src/main/docker/swagger-editor.yml up -d`. The editor will then be reachable at [http://localhost:7742](http://localhost:7742).

Refer to [Doing API-First development][] for more details.

## Building for production

To optimize the crrsvc application for production, run:

    ./gradlew -Pprod clean bootRepackage

To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar build/libs/*.war


Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./gradlew test
### Other tests

Performance tests are run by [Gatling][] and written in Scala. They're located in [src/test/gatling](src/test/gatling) and can be run with:

    ./gradlew gatlingRun

For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the [src/main/docker](src/main/docker) folder to launch required third party services.

For example, to start a postgresql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/postgresql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/postgresql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./gradlew bootRepackage -Pprod buildDocker

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`jhipster docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To configure CI for your project, run the ci-cd sub-generator (`jhipster ci-cd`), this will let you generate configuration files for a number of Continuous Integration systems. Consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page for more information.

[JHipster Homepage and latest documentation]: http://www.jhipster.tech
[JHipster 4.14.1 archive]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1
[Doing microservices with JHipster]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/microservices-architecture/
[Using JHipster in development]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/development/
[Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/microservices-architecture/#jhipster-registry
[Using Docker and Docker-Compose]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/docker-compose
[Using JHipster in production]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/production/
[Running tests page]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/running-tests/
[Setting up Continuous Integration]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/setting-up-ci/

[Gatling]: http://gatling.io/
[Swagger-Codegen]: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen
[Swagger-Editor]: http://editor.swagger.io
[Doing API-First development]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.14.1/doing-api-first-development/
